now the men of ephraim said to him why
now the men of ephraim said to him why have you done this task by not calling
have you done this task by not calling
have you done this task by not calling us when you went to fight with the
us when you went to fight with the
us when you went to fight with the Midianites and they reprimanded him
Midianites and they reprimanded him
Midianites and they reprimanded him sharply so he said to them what have I
sharply so he said to them what have I
sharply so he said to them what have I done now in comparison with you he's not
done now in comparison with you he's not
done now in comparison with you he's not the gleaning of The Grapes of Ephraim
the gleaning of The Grapes of Ephraim
the gleaning of The Grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of a by either
better than the vintage of a by either
better than the vintage of a by either God has delivered into your hands the
God has delivered into your hands the
God has delivered into your hands the princess of Midian Oh read and see em
princess of Midian Oh read and see em
princess of Midian Oh read and see em and what was I able to do in comparison
and what was I able to do in comparison
and what was I able to do in comparison with you then their anger toward him
with you then their anger toward him
with you then their anger toward him subsided when he said that when Gideon
subsided when he said that when Gideon
subsided when he said that when Gideon came to the Jordan he and the three
came to the Jordan he and the three
came to the Jordan he and the three hundred men who were with him crossed
hundred men who were with him crossed
hundred men who were with him crossed over
over
over exhausted but still in pursuit then he
exhausted but still in pursuit then he
exhausted but still in pursuit then he said to the man of Sokka
said to the man of Sokka
said to the man of Sokka please give loaves of bread to the
please give loaves of bread to the
please give loaves of bread to the people who follow me for they are
people who follow me for they are
people who follow me for they are exhausted and I am pursuing zebah and
exhausted and I am pursuing zebah and
exhausted and I am pursuing zebah and zalmunna
zalmunna
zalmunna kings of Midian and the leaders of
kings of Midian and the leaders of
kings of Midian and the leaders of Sukkoth said are the hands of zebah and
Sukkoth said are the hands of zebah and
Sukkoth said are the hands of zebah and zalmunna now in your hand that we should
zalmunna now in your hand that we should
zalmunna now in your hand that we should give bread to your army for this cause
give bread to your army for this cause
give bread to your army for this cause when the Lord has delivered zebah and
when the Lord has delivered zebah and
when the Lord has delivered zebah and zalmunna into my hand then I will tear
zalmunna into my hand then I will tear
zalmunna into my hand then I will tear your flesh with the thorns of the
your flesh with the thorns of the
your flesh with the thorns of the wilderness and with Briers then he went
wilderness and with Briers then he went
wilderness and with Briers then he went up from there to be nuovo and spoke to
up from there to be nuovo and spoke to
up from there to be nuovo and spoke to them in the same way and the men of
them in the same way and the men of
them in the same way and the men of Penuel
Penuel
Penuel answered him as the men of Sukkoth had
answered him as the men of Sukkoth had
answered him as the men of Sukkoth had answered so he also spoke to the man of
answered so he also spoke to the man of
answered so he also spoke to the man of Penuel
Penuel
Penuel when I come back in peace I will tear
when I come back in peace I will tear
when I come back in peace I will tear down this tower now zebah and zalmunna
down this tower now zebah and zalmunna
down this tower now zebah and zalmunna were at kako and their armies with them
were at kako and their armies with them
were at kako and their armies with them about fifteen thousand all who were left
about fifteen thousand all who were left
about fifteen thousand all who were left of all the army of the people of the
of all the army of the people of the
of all the army of the people of the East for one hundred and twenty thousand
East for one hundred and twenty thousand
East for one hundred and twenty thousand men who drew the sword had formed
men who drew the sword had formed
men who drew the sword had formed then Gideon went up by the road of those
then Gideon went up by the road of those
then Gideon went up by the road of those who dwell in tents on the east of Noba
who dwell in tents on the east of Noba
who dwell in tents on the east of Noba and jug Baja and he attacked the army
and jug Baja and he attacked the army
and jug Baja and he attacked the army while the camp felt secure when Siva and
while the camp felt secure when Siva and
while the camp felt secure when Siva and Salman ah fled he pursued them and he
Salman ah fled he pursued them and he
Salman ah fled he pursued them and he took the two kings of Midian zebah and
took the two kings of Midian zebah and
took the two kings of Midian zebah and zalmunna and routed the whole army then
zalmunna and routed the whole army then
zalmunna and routed the whole army then Gideon the son of joash returned from
Gideon the son of joash returned from
Gideon the son of joash returned from battle from the ascent of hereis and he
battle from the ascent of hereis and he
battle from the ascent of hereis and he caught a young man of the men of Sukkoth
caught a young man of the men of Sukkoth
caught a young man of the men of Sukkoth and interrogated him and he wrote down
and interrogated him and he wrote down
and interrogated him and he wrote down for him the leaders of Sukkoth and its
for him the leaders of Sukkoth and its
for him the leaders of Sukkoth and its elders seventy-seven men then he came to
elders seventy-seven men then he came to
elders seventy-seven men then he came to the man of sakkath and said fear our
the man of sakkath and said fear our
the man of sakkath and said fear our zebah and zalmunna about whom you
zebah and zalmunna about whom you
zebah and zalmunna about whom you ridiculed me saying are the hands of
ridiculed me saying are the hands of
ridiculed me saying are the hands of zebah and zalmunna now in your hand that
zebah and zalmunna now in your hand that
zebah and zalmunna now in your hand that we should give bread to your weary men
we should give bread to your weary men
we should give bread to your weary men and he took the elders of the city and
and he took the elders of the city and
and he took the elders of the city and thorns of the wilderness and briars and
thorns of the wilderness and briars and
thorns of the wilderness and briars and with them he taught the men of Sukkoth
with them he taught the men of Sukkoth
with them he taught the men of Sukkoth then he tore down the Tower of the
then he tore down the Tower of the
then he tore down the Tower of the noodle and killed the man of the city
and he said to zebah and zalmunna what
and he said to zebah and zalmunna what kind of men were they whom you killed at
kind of men were they whom you killed at
kind of men were they whom you killed at Tibor as you are so were they each one
Tibor as you are so were they each one
Tibor as you are so were they each one resembled the son of a king they were my
resembled the son of a king they were my
resembled the son of a king they were my brothers the sons of my mother as the
brothers the sons of my mother as the
brothers the sons of my mother as the Lord lives if you had let them live I
Lord lives if you had let them live I
Lord lives if you had let them live I would not kill you
would not kill you
would not kill you and he said to Chifa his first form rise
and he said to Chifa his first form rise
and he said to Chifa his first form rise kill them but the youth would not draw
kill them but the youth would not draw
kill them but the youth would not draw his sword for he was afraid because he
his sword for he was afraid because he
his sword for he was afraid because he was still a youth so zebah and zalmunna
was still a youth so zebah and zalmunna
was still a youth so zebah and zalmunna said rise yourself and kill us her as a
said rise yourself and kill us her as a
said rise yourself and kill us her as a man is so is his strength so Gideon
man is so is his strength so Gideon
man is so is his strength so Gideon arose and killed zebah and zalmunna and
arose and killed zebah and zalmunna and
arose and killed zebah and zalmunna and took the Crescent ornaments that were on
took the Crescent ornaments that were on
took the Crescent ornaments that were on their camels nails
their camels nails
their camels nails then the man of Israel said to Gideon
then the man of Israel said to Gideon
then the man of Israel said to Gideon rule over us both you and your son and
rule over us both you and your son and
rule over us both you and your son and your grandson also for you have
your grandson also for you have
your grandson also for you have delivered us from the hand of Midian I
delivered us from the hand of Midian I
delivered us from the hand of Midian I will not rule over you nor show my son
will not rule over you nor show my son
will not rule over you nor show my son rule over you the Lord shall rule over
rule over you the Lord shall rule over
rule over you the Lord shall rule over you I would like to make a request of
you I would like to make a request of
you I would like to make a request of you that each of you would give me the
you that each of you would give me the
you that each of you would give me the earrings from his plunder for they had
earrings from his plunder for they had
earrings from his plunder for they had golden earrings because they were
golden earrings because they were
golden earrings because they were Ishmaelites so they answered we will
Ishmaelites so they answered we will
Ishmaelites so they answered we will gladly give them and they spread out a
gladly give them and they spread out a
gladly give them and they spread out a garland and each man threw into it the
garland and each man threw into it the
garland and each man threw into it the earrings from his plunder now the weight
earrings from his plunder now the weight
earrings from his plunder now the weight of the gold earrings that he requested
of the gold earrings that he requested
of the gold earrings that he requested was one thousand seven hundred shekels
was one thousand seven hundred shekels
was one thousand seven hundred shekels of gold beside the Crescent ornaments
of gold beside the Crescent ornaments
of gold beside the Crescent ornaments pendants and purple robes which were on
pendants and purple robes which were on
pendants and purple robes which were on the kings of Midian and besides the
the kings of Midian and besides the
the kings of Midian and besides the chains that were around their camels
chains that were around their camels
chains that were around their camels necks then Gideon made it into an effete
necks then Gideon made it into an effete
necks then Gideon made it into an effete and set it up in his City Alfre and all
and set it up in his City Alfre and all
and set it up in his City Alfre and all Israel played the harlot with it there
Israel played the harlot with it there
Israel played the harlot with it there it became a snare to Gideon and to his
it became a snare to Gideon and to his
it became a snare to Gideon and to his house
house
house thus midian was subdued before the
thus midian was subdued before the
thus midian was subdued before the children of Israel so that they lifted
children of Israel so that they lifted
children of Israel so that they lifted their heads no more and the country was
their heads no more and the country was
their heads no more and the country was quiet for 40 years in the days of Gideon
quiet for 40 years in the days of Gideon
quiet for 40 years in the days of Gideon then cherub Bale the son of joash went
then cherub Bale the son of joash went
then cherub Bale the son of joash went and dwelt in his own house Gideon had 70
and dwelt in his own house Gideon had 70
and dwelt in his own house Gideon had 70 sons who were his own offspring for he
sons who were his own offspring for he
sons who were his own offspring for he had many wives and his concubine who was
had many wives and his concubine who was
had many wives and his concubine who was in Shechem also bore him a son whose
in Shechem also bore him a son whose
in Shechem also bore him a son whose name he called abemolik now Gideon the
name he called abemolik now Gideon the
name he called abemolik now Gideon the son of joash died at a good old age and
son of joash died at a good old age and
son of joash died at a good old age and was buried in the tomb of Jewish his
was buried in the tomb of Jewish his
was buried in the tomb of Jewish his father in Afra of the a baes rites so it
father in Afra of the a baes rites so it
father in Afra of the a baes rites so it was as soon as Gideon was dead that the
was as soon as Gideon was dead that the
was as soon as Gideon was dead that the children of Israel again played the
children of Israel again played the
children of Israel again played the harlot with the bales and made bail bier
harlot with the bales and made bail bier
harlot with the bales and made bail bier if their God thus the children of Israel
if their God thus the children of Israel
if their God thus the children of Israel did not remember the Lord their God who
did not remember the Lord their God who
did not remember the Lord their God who had delivered them from the hands of all
had delivered them from the hands of all
had delivered them from the hands of all their enemies on every side nor did they
their enemies on every side nor did they
their enemies on every side nor did they show kindness to the house of Jeroboam
show kindness to the house of Jeroboam
show kindness to the house of Jeroboam Gideon in accordance with the good he
Gideon in accordance with the good he
Gideon in accordance with the good he had done for Israel